
Hello there! Welcome to another episode of the cash show! So good to see ya! You look fantastic. Hopefully you feel as good as you look and are you feeling lucky? Because this is the place to be. The Cash Show is on right now with a chance to win cold hard cash. This is trivia, it’s 12 questions in all, and that money goes right to your PayPal account. No muss, no fuss, very easy, very fun. Now here’s how the game works. 12 questions in all, we have non-prize questions and prize questions. If you get through all the non-prize questions to the prize question rounds, that’s where you start seeing that cold hard cash coming right into your PayPal account. And that’s where it gets really really frantic and really crazy and that’s what it’s all about, right? That’s what it’s all about. Now, I’m gonna give you some tips, are you ready? Now, come in a little bit closer just because I don’t want you to miss this: You can get extra lives by inviting your family and friends to play the game! The more people you invite in, the more lives each of you will get! It’s just that easy and you know , one more tip? I think you need one more. Connect your Facebook account to eliminate wrong answers. That’s what it’s all about! Right here on the Cash Show! So don’t forget to turn on your push notifications. Please spread the word about turning on the push notifications, because you know what, let’s face it: If you don’t know were’s here, you can’t play the game, and if you can’t play the game, you can’t win the cold, hard cash for answering trivia questions. Are you ready? I know I am! Let’s get started! 
